Update README.md (#82)
salesforce/offline-app-developer-starter-kit: README.md

  * `commonStyles` is part of the starter kit.
6. Create a quick action to view your object. This quick action requires a specific format: <ObjectType>.view.quickAction-meta.xml. Note the lowercase 'view', as it's required. Follow the [Account.view](https://github.com/salesforce/offline-app-developer-starter-kit/blob/main/force-app/main/default/quickActions/Account.view.quickAction-meta.xml) example but change the `<lightningWebComponent>` to the component you created previously.
7. Deploy the Starter Kit, your custom viewObjectType LWC folder, and `ObjectType.view.quickAction-meta.xml` files to your org. 
  * See [Deploy Components and Quick Actions](https://github.com/asikora-sf/offline-app-developer-starter-kit/blob/patch-1/README.md#deploy-components-and-quick-actions) for more information. The [Building Lightning Web Components](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/trails/build-lightning-web-components) trail is also an excellent resource for more in-depth details.
8. Add your [LWC Quick Action to the Mobile Layout](https://github.com/salesforce/offline-app-developer-starter-kit/tree/main#add-lwc-quick-actions-to-mobile-layouts) for the user.

> In the mobile app, logout and relogin to reload your cache. If you have a newer version of the mobile app, use the Clear Cached Data button in the Settings screen. Follow the steps in [View Offline Components in the Salesforce Mobile App](https://github.com/salesforce/offline-app-developer-starter-kit#view-offline-components-in-the-salesforce-mobile-app). You should see your custom Lightning web component! If record priming has completed, go offline on your mobile device (turn on Airplane Mode and turn off Wi-Fi) and view a record you haven't viewed while online. Make sure your view component also works there .

Reviewer: Should we also link to the LWC Offline Test Harness for testing?

> In the mobile app, logout and relogin to reload your cache. If you have a newer version of the mobile app, use the Clear Cached Data button in the Settings screen. Follow the steps in [View Offline Components in the Salesforce Mobile App](https://github.com/salesforce/offline-app-developer-starter-kit#view-offline-components-in-the-salesforce-mobile-app). You should see your custom Lightning web component! If record priming has completed, go offline on your mobile device (turn on Airplane Mode and turn off Wi-Fi) and view a record you haven't viewed while online. Make sure your view component also works there .

Reviewer: NIT: Extra space before the ending period.

You have now created a successful '.view' quick action to prime and view your Object offline! Other special action types for required functionality include '.edit' and '.create' for their respective actions (the capitalization and naming is important for these as well). The Starter Kit also contains examples for these actions. Any other custom LWC quick actions you create that are offline capable show up in the Action Bar of the '.view' action after they’re added to the Mobile Layout.

### Other Custom Actions

Other lightning web component quick actions can be [added to the object's page layout](https://github.com/salesforce/offline-app-developer-starter-kit/tree/main#add-lwc-quick-actions-to-mobile-layouts) and are accessible at the top of the view quick action. Salesforce reserves three quick action names for specific use cases. Create custom LWCs assigned to these quick action names to enable this functionality:

* `<ObjectName>.view.quickAction-meta.xml` is used for viewing a record and injects an action bar across the top for other quick actions.

> * `<ObjectName>.edit.quickAction-meta.xml` is used for editing a record including its drafts.

Reviewer: What does "including its drafts" mean here?

* `<ObjectName.create.quickAction-meta.xml` is used for creating a record from the plus button in My Offline Records.

> **Note:** The quick action names require the exact spelling and capitalization.

Reviewer: In reality, the name portion can be ANYTHING, this is the "name" that will appear in the Quick Actions list for the object type. Do we want to tweak this so that the only "exact" ones are the `view`, `create`, and `edit`, but in reality it can be anything you want?

* [Lightning Web Components Developer Guide](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/component-library/documentation/en/lwc)
* [Mobile and Offline Developer Guide](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.mobile_offline.meta/mobile_offline/)

## Quick Start Guide

This quick start shows you how to view a custom record type offline. For records in the Starter Kit, you can use the corresponding existing Lightning Web Components (LWC) and modify it to your needs.

* Set up your development environment.

>   * Follow the steps in the [Prerequisites](https://github.com/salesforce/offline-app-developer-starter-kit#prerequisites) section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Follow the steps in the [Prerequisites](#prerequisites) section.
```

* Set up the Starter Kit Project

>   * Follow the steps in the [Set Up the Starter Kit Project](https://github.com/salesforce/offline-app-developer-starter-kit/#set-up-the-starter-kit-project) section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Follow the steps in the [Set Up the Starter Kit Project](#set-up-the-starter-kit-project) section.
```

> * Configure your Offline Briefcase to include the objects that you want to view offline.[Offline Briefcase](https://github.com/salesforce/offline-app-developer-starter-kit#define-an-offline-briefcase) to include the object you want to see offline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Configure your [Offline Briefcase](#define-an-offline-briefcase) to include the objects that you want to view offline.
```

>   * Follow the steps in the [Define an Offline Briefcase](https://github.com/salesforce/offline-app-developer-starter-kit#define-an-offline-briefcase) section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Follow the steps in the [Define an Offline Briefcase](#define-an-offline-briefcase) section.
```

  * The [Briefcase Builder](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.briefcase_builder_overview.htm&language=en_US&type=5) help documentation and [Offline Briefcase](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/offline-briefcase) Trailhead module are excellent resources to help you create a briefcase, set of rules, and filters that select records for offline use for your org.

> After you’ve configured your Offline Briefcase, see [View Offline Components in the Salesforce Mobile App](https://github.com/salesforce/offline-app-developer-starter-kit#view-offline-components-in-the-salesforce-mobile-app). Can you view the object that you want offline? If not, check your Offline Briefcase configuration. If you try to view a record, you should expect to get an error that the records for the object type haven’t been configured for offline use. This behavior is expected at this point as the view LWC quick action hasn’t been created yet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you’ve configured your Offline Briefcase, see [View Offline Components in the Salesforce Mobile App](#view-offline-components-in-the-salesforce-mobile-app). Can you view the object that you want offline? If not, check your Offline Briefcase configuration. If you try to view a record, you should expect to get an error that the records for the object type haven’t been configured for offline use. This behavior is expected at this point as the view LWC quick action hasn’t been created yet.
```

> **Note:** In subsequent releases, the My Offline Records screen in the Offline App shows an error on the row of the objects that haven’t been configured.

Reviewer 2: "In subsequent releases" to what? Where this behavior applies needs to be more specifically delineated.

Reviewer 3: Fair, this was pulled from a post I made on the community forum and can be updated.

Reviewer 3: We can remove this middle of the journey check entirely.

Reviewer 3: So this paragraph and the one above it.

> ### Create a View LWC Quick Action

Reviewer 2: Nit: I wonder if "View" should be quoted here? Or otherwise re-worded to a more grammatically correct phrase, such as "Create an LWC Quick Action to View an sObject"? The reading of it feels a little clunky, otherwise.

> If you’re unfamiliar with developing Lightning Web Components, the [Building Lightning Web Components](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/trails/build-lightning-web-components) Trailhead trail is a great resource for building and testing LWCs. Your basic LWC should work online in the browser before deploying it to the mobile app. Advanced mobile-only functionality is an exception.

Reviewer 3: Business card scanner/other camera access, GPS functionality, etc.

> If you’re unfamiliar with developing Lightning Web Components, the [Building Lightning Web Components](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/trails/build-lightning-web-components) Trailhead trail is a great resource for building and testing LWCs. Your basic LWC should work online in the browser before deploying it to the mobile app. Advanced mobile-only functionality is an exception.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you’re unfamiliar with developing Lightning Web Components, the [Building Lightning Web Components](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/trails/build-lightning-web-components) Trailhead trail is a great resource for building and testing LWCs. Before deploying your LWC to the mobile app, you should first verify that it works online in a browser, wherever possible. Verifying in a browser is not possible for some advanced, mobile-only functionality such as camera access, barcode and business card scanning, etc.
```

> 1. Create an LWC using SFDX: Create Lightning Web Component. Give it a name such as "`viewObjectType`". Replace "`objectType`" with the Object Name you're trying to display, such as "`viewWorkOrder`".

Reviewer 2: Should we expand upon this a bit? Putting my beginner's hat on, I don't know that I'd know explicitly how to "Create an LWC using SFDX: Create Lightning Web Component". But then that's probably covered in the pre-req reading/trails suggested above, so maybe that's okay?

Reviewer 3: Yeah I mean, I felt like we couldn't necessarily cover everything. The paragraph above it links to a trailhead that explains SFDX in far more detail than I could put in this document. This guide isn't 'how to make LWCs' but 'How to use LWCs to enable offline'

> 1. Create an LWC using SFDX: Create Lightning Web Component. Give it a name such as "`viewObjectType`". Replace "`objectType`" with the Object Name you're trying to display, such as "`viewWorkOrder`".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create an LWC using SFDX: Create Lightning Web Component. Give it a name such as "`view<Object Type>`": for example, "`viewWorkOrder`".
```

> 2. Get your LWC to render your custom object. If you need a starting point:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Update your LWC to render your custom object. If you need a starting point:
```
